hey guys and welcome back to my world so
today what I'm going to do is I'm going
to show you guys how I did the random
spawn locations for run of the Damned so
basically you click a button and you
will randomly spawn in a any number of
locations so I'm gonna do four locations
will now be an infinite amount but it's
really it's kind of completely up to you
okay so all I need to do is hit that
button Oh what what what ah okay I don't
know who the hell did that but okay fine
that shows you somebody went and fiddled
with my code okay so let me just quickly
fix some of the stuff um run it okay
right so we back so yes now if I hit the
button now okay I'm on purple right
sighs what a spawn a purple a fight the
button again I'm on red and effect the
button again I'm on red again hit the
button again red again I've hit the
button again I'm on yellow so this is
completely random and it will and I'm
green so I mean that are there we just
had a lux wait three raids one purple
three raids one green and one yellow
okay so and this is really it there is
four come on blocks or five command
blocks now you'll see that I've actually
color-coordinated the command block so
that does the teleportation here as well
now if you've watched my how to set your
world spawn you know that I actually use
a command called status which you can
actually see on the side here then what
the status does is that when a player
logs on all of these scoreboard
objectives will be set to zero okay so
if I now set my scoreboard objective
status to 0 it will instantaneously
teleport me to the spawn and it'll then
set my spawn coordinates my my set spawn
so
if I die I will spawn here right you'll
see I will spawn right yeah okay so
that's that is where the status comes
from and all it is is a command and I
think it's this one over here no it's
not that one it's not that one it's not
that one it is not that one there we go
so it's scoreboard objectives ad status
as a dummy and display it as status
so first of all you will need that and
only that okay so if my status is zero
and we use my contraption over here
you'll get spawned here so what I'm
doing is I'm now using that same
objective but and I'm now saying that if
my status is three it means that I need
to be teleported somewhere else so I can
walk around all happily because I'm in
status two and the moment and this is
what this command block over here does
okay all it does it says scoreboard
players set anybody within the radius of
20 blocks to status 3 so if I hit that I
get set to status 3 but it sets 3 I get
teleported to the to the corresponding
color and then my status is set back to
2 so that run teleporter ok so this is
really it so the first thing it does it
checks if I have a status of 3 at least
3 and no more than 3 so that I've got in
exact status of 3 okay and if I do it'll
then teleport me to the yellow block
then I have another repeater with a 1
tick delay so what i've got i've got a
hopper clock running and in the hopper
clock okay I have an item so it's just
it's just shooting in between the two ok
powering that comparator and that
comparator and then I have the first
command block which teleports me to
yellow with a 1 tick delay and then I
have the second command block which
teleports me to green ok then here I've
got 8 - tick delay use 1/2 tick delay
okay that runs into the command block
that teleports me to red and then
another one tick delay the teleports
with the purple so I mean this is time
pretty much exactly so that there is
only ever one command block about to be
powered on at any one time
right so at the moment I changed my
score which ever command block is then
active or the next command block to be
activated will then teleport me to
whichever one it is and that's why it is
random because this clock will be
running always so at any time any one of
these as its and I mean it's in
fractions of a of a tick I mean it's
probably one tick delay between them all
firing off so it's a very very narrow
margin there's no way of predicting it I
mean even if you if you want to stand
here and watch it and then you know hit
it at a certain time so let's see if we
that one's on okay yellow stride again
and now yellow again well I thought
about that's not bad in my test I had
trouble getting two yellow straight
again again purple so I mean it's
whatever everyone is on at the same time
now this is the important bit okay you
need to have a comparator coming out of
each one of these come on blocks
running into the command block that
actually changes your status back to two
because if you if your status is not
changed back to two you will
continuously be spawned over and over
and over so if I remove these two blocks
okay and I hate this button you will see
I'll be I'll be just teleported
continuously over and over and over and
over and over because my status on the
side is three so if I now change my
scoreboard status to two it'll stop okay
so this is why this Center one and why
these comparators over here is so
incredibly important okay without them
you will not this will not work now as I
said you can actually make this I've
made four but if you want to met you
know you want to carry on you can you
know maybe add a little bit on the other
side and so yeah that that is it one
block so it's a status gets changed to
three one of these command blocks then
picks you up and teleports you and then
because they have successfully tell all
because they've teleported you it will
activate one of these comparators which
will then turn on all the will then
change your status back to two and then
yep that's it Bob
your uncle and it's Bob's you aren't
well then well as long as your aunt
doesn't ever be it but anyway yes yes
anyway
cool guys thanks for watching and as
always I will
oh and by the way before I go this is
done this is you can download this in
the description okay link in the
description guys I will check you all
later